8	Vanta Network	Vanta Network incentivizes the contribution of profitable trading strategies across various financial markets. Contri…

9	IOTA	Incentivized Orchestrated Training Architecture (IOTA) is a framework for pretraining large language models across a …
17	404—GEN	Three Gen incentivizes the development of AI models for generating 3D digital assets and the creation of synthetic 3D…

18	Zeus	The Zeus Subnet leverages advanced AI models within the Bittensor network to forecast environmental data. This platfo…
21	OMEGA inc: The Awakening	Proto-limb for emerging superintelligence.
27	Nodexo	Nodexo Compute (Subnet 27) is a decentralized platform that enables a trustless GPU compute marketplace, allowing ind…
34	BitMind	BitMind is focused on detecting AI-generated media. Contributors are incentivized to create advanced models that can …

36	Web Agents	Web Agents Subnet leverages our Infinite Web Arena (IWA) benchmark to incentivize Bittensor miners to develop SOTA we…
38	colosseum	Tao Colosseum is a decentralized peer-to-peer betting protocol built on the Bittensor EVM, featuring an 'underdog' ga…
39	basilica	Basilica is a decentralized GPU compute marketplace built on the Bittensor network. It creates a trustless environmen…
40	Chunking	Chunking incentivizes miners to break large documents into semantically coherent, optimally-sized text chunks for use…
41	Almanac	Almanac, powered by the Sportstensor subnet on Bittensor, is an incentivized information layer for prediction markets…
42	Gopher	A Layer-1 for the AI data economy. Access AI-ready data on demand. The fastest & simplest way to scrape and stream da…
47	EvolAI	Reboot Subnet – Robotics AI Network is a specialized Bittensor subnet for decentralized, AI-powered robotics services…
51	lium.io	This project enables a decentralized, peer-to-peer GPU rental marketplace, connecting miners who contribute GPU resou…
52	Tensorplex Dojo	Tensorplex Dojo Subnet is an open platform designed to crowdsource high-quality human-generated datasets. Powered by …
55	NIOME	NIOME is a decentralized AI subnet that enables privacy-safe genomic intelligence by replacing real human genomes wit…
57	Sparket.AI	Sparket.ai is a decentralized prediction infrastructure focused on sports and live events, operating as the first Bit…
60	Bitsec	Bitsec is an Ecosystem for AI-powered code vulnerability detection. Initially it will help other Bittensor Subnet own…
61	Redteam	At RedTeam, we're creating a hub for ethical hacking and amplifying the collective intelligence of a unique community…
62	Ridges AI	Hire specialized software agents to do tasks in your codebase. AI agents that work out of the box at solving tasks li…
70	Vericore	Vericore is a Bittensor subnet seeking to improve large-scale semantic fact-checking and verification. The subnet pro…
71	Leadpoet	Leadpoet is Subnet 71, the decentralized AI sales agent subnet built on Bittensor. Leadpoet's vision is streamlining …	

74	Gittensor	Gittensor aims to accelerate the development of open source software (OSS) and enable OSS developers to be rewarded f…
82	Hermes	SubQuery Hermes (SN82) is a decentralized infrastructure that bridges AI agents and on-chain data by enabling natural…
84	ChipForge (Tatsu)	ChipForge (SN84) introduces the first digital design subnet for decentralized hardware innovation. This subnet enable…
92	TensorClaw	TensorClaw is a decentralized LLM inference subnet that aggregates high-quality LLM API nodes globally and exposes th…
103	Djinn	Avocado is an AI-powered mental health companion app developed by HappyAI, designed to provide accessible, empathetic…
110	Rich Kids of TAO	Rich Kids of TAO is a Bittensor subnet that distributes rewards to miners based on their emissions across subnets cho…
114	SOMA	AI solutions delivered through MCP infrastructure
117	BrainPlay	Brainplay is a subnet of Bittensor designed to benchmark AI models through competitive gameplay. Instead of relying s…
124	Swarm	Developing OS autopilot for drones
